# Self-Evaluation

I was a bit lost with the learning diary and time management for this course. It took me ages to make the first weeks learning diary, because I am not used to this kind of learning. Probably also stressed too much about it, I suffer from perfectionism so sometimes it's hard to even start something if I am not certain that I can give it my 110%. Writing my master’s thesis took up the majority of my time, as I was employed by the University and needed to dedicate 8 hours a day to writing. While I enjoy working on my laptop, spending such long hours in front of a screen took a toll on me. I often needed to step away and focus on something else for the remainder of the day. As a result, my coursework was limited to weekends, which unfortunately affected both my results and mental well-being.

My motivation for the course declined, mainly due to the limited time I could dedicate to it. Additionally, I was already familiar with most of the things, specifically the algorithms covered in the course. I spent most of my time reading about the algorithms to refresh my memory of them and working on their implementation (the notebooks) but didn’t have/take the time to explore them deeply. However, I still learned something new from each algorithm. During my university studies, these topics were explained in a very theoretical and abstract way, which isn’t the best learning approach for me which I have noticed.

In the end, I’m glad to have revisited these topics and learned some new. If they weren’t fresh in my memory before, they certainly are now, and I feel more confident applying them with a deeper understanding in the future.
